[Autogenerated] full text search is probably one of the most used
and needed features in modern applications.
I cannot think of any Web application that does not have a giant
input text books where you can type in something,
and then the application tries to give you results that are useful.
T.
We're going to see how to implement full text search in a
spring application that uses Mongo Debbie,
who start our discussion around text indexes.
Text indexes are the bits and pieces that make food tech search possible.
A text index is similar to a normal index,
but it works on Lee on properties of types,
drink or on the res off strings.
You can text index properties across the whole autograph so
you're not limited to the root object.
You can dig into a graph and apply text indexes on any string property,
and last but not least, should pay attention to the text index.
Wait,
because it's going to be extremely important in how your results are ordered.
But enough waffle.
Let's look at an example.
It all begins with annotations,
which have this simple job profile class over here with I D name title
and about me field title and about me are annotated with at text
indexed notice that we do not add any weight.
So there are both equal weighted.
Let's assume we have these few documents in Armando Database.
Don Java Guru and John Free profiles.
If you perform a full text search by the Cuba Java,
then Jaap is going to be done and John or John.
And that, based on the order of those documents in the collection,
then is going to be picked up because it contains Java in the title property.
And John is going to be picked up because it
contains Java in the about me property.
Notice that Java guru is not selected,
even though it contains Java in the name property.
That's because the name property was not annotated with at text indexed.
So how does this really work?
Well, first of all, it's a documented scanned.
Then a score is computed internally based on the text index waits
so Mongol keeps track off that score internally,
and then the outcome.
The results are sorted by that score and presented to the user.
That's why I said that the text index ways matter in our
examples chattering about me had the same weight.
We can change their body property and assign it a weight off, too.
And we do that by adding the weight.
A tribute to the ATS text indexed annotation.
Now you can read this as about me is two times more important than title when
performing a full text such That's how we should release the ways our
relative to one another and the default way is one.
Now if you go back, for example, and perform the exact full take such again,
the output is always going to be John, followed by Dan.
That's the order.
John is the first result because it contains Java in about me.
About me has the weight off, too.
Then it's present because it contains Java in the title.
However, the title has the weight of one,
and that's why, then is always displayed after John,
you can see why waiting matters and performing for tech searches.
But other than that people making this feature in a speak
application for Mogo TB is not very difficult.
In fact, it's pretty straightforward.
All right, we discussed about indexes,
but how do we actually execute this free text query well again,
we have to define the query and then pass it to the Mongol template.
But things are a little bit different.
First of all, we will use a particular type of criteria called Tex criteria.
Now, when performing full text searches, the language is important.
So we have this method over here to specify the language in our
case will use the default machine language.
Then we're calling this matching method and we're passing
in the text that you want to search.
After we have this text criteria, we can start to build a query.
However, notice that you're using different started factory methods here.
We're using text query that Cory text on.
We're adding in the text criteria.
Then we're sorting results by their score.
And remember this thing Colonel score computed by mongo
when performing the actual search.
And after that we adding a page definition.
We then passing a square ito the Mongol template the
fine method and return the results.
So things look a little bit different.
But overall, the recipe is the same.
You define the query, the quit.
It contains criteria, imagination and sorting. And then you pass that to the Mongol template